how we can configure multiple database at the same time in single spring boot application
what it the difference hascode and equals method?
What is the difference between component and bean?
if we want to create the object if we don't have source class (@component or @bean)?
What is the cyclic dependency?
which one we can use (setter or constuctor injection) to avoid cyclic dependency?
what is the bean scope and how many types?
what is the meaning of bean scope?
we have list of employee object write a code to filter those employee of salay > 50?
what filter returns?
what is the method reference?
what is the meaning of default method?
Explain difference between synchronize hash map and component hash map? how it works?
What is concurrent exception?
What is the first level caching?
Can you please name the first level caching?
explain the difference between get and load?
explain the difference between map and flagmap?
explain the difference between comparable and comparator?
explain the saga design pattern?
explain the difference between resttemplate and web client?
suppose we have one application and multiple api and I want to communicate multiple api at the same time?
explain the difference between put and patch?
suppose we have one object and we want to modify that object on server?
can we use post instead of put?
what is the difference between web services and rest template?
what is the meaning of restless communication?
what is the path variable and querystring?
what is the difference between requestmapping and getmapping?
can you tell me session mapping?
how many types of mapping?
how many tables created in many to many mapping?
what is the new enhancement in synchronize hash map?
what is the difference between hash map, concurrent hash map, synchronize hash map?
what is the difference between equals to compare two objects and hash code?
what is the transient and purpose of transient?
if we are inserting null two times(null value1, null value2) in hasmap then how it is going to work?
if we have a static variable then what would be output after deserilization?



