Mind tree interview question

life cycel of angular?
which first event to get textbox property?
how to implement Custom change detection?
difference between ngoninit and constructor of angular component?
what are the loading strategy in angualar?
how do you custom strategy to implement lazy loading in angular?
What are the ways(method) for communication between component in angular?
explain communication between components in angular with route?
what is the purpose of rxjs
what are the operator of rxjs
what are the things to resolve performance issue in angular
what are the steps to create custom directive in angular
when we use the switchmap ,hashmap, mergemap and concatmap?
Differences between Middleware and Filter in asp.net core?
suppose I have two async method which is executing parallely then how to rollback first async method if any one fail
when I fetch order at the same time I need to fetch orderdetails in Entity framework core?
Explain tracking & Non-tracking in entity framework?
How to change-tracking-entity-framework?
what are the steps to identify performance issue with sql server
what are the steps to improve identified sql query?
What is execution plan in sql server?
what are the operators in execution plan of sql server?
Entity framework handling for prev and new data with tracking?
How do I obtain a Query Execution Plan in SQL Server?
How to Boost Your Entity Framework Core Performance by Following These Best Practices?
when I fetch order at the same time I need to fetch orderdetails in Entity framework core. how to do that?
how to Calling multiple async services in parallel?
differnece between task.whenall and task.whenany in c#?
Why exceptions in async methods are “dangerous” in C#?
how to do exception handling in async method of asp.net core?
Explain AggregateException in async method of C#?
Explain Catching Exceptions in async methods when not called with await?
Explain real time common scenarios to use middleware in asp.net core?
difference between switchMap, mergeMap, concatMap (and exhaustMap)?
what are the operator of rxjs?
what is the purpose of rxjs?
How I implement lazy loading with custom preloading strategy in Angular?
Difference between edger and lazy-loading-in-angular?